Pyproject.toml-based installation, updated dependencies, and automatic Docker builds (#144)
CosmoStat/sp_validation: README.md

  a shear validation run and performes cosmology inference using the two-point
  correlation function.

## Container Installation (Recommended)

> The easiest way to install ShapePipe is via a container. Docker images are automatically built and pushed to the [Github Container Registry (GHCR)](ghcr.io/cosmostat/shapepipe) for each release. This images can be installed and run on most systems (including clusters) with just a few lines of code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to install sp_validation is via a container. Docker images are automatically built and pushed to the [Github Container Registry (GHCR)](ghcr.io/cosmostat/sp_validation) for each release. This image can be installed and run on most systems (including clusters) with just a few lines of code.
```

We recommend running the image with **Apptainer** (formerly Singularity) which is installed on most HPC clusters. To simply run the image, use the following command:

```bash
# build writeable "sandbox" container in the current directory
# ./sp_validation will be a directory that functions like a vm
apptainer build --sandbox sp_validation docker://ghcr.io/cosmostat/sp_validation:pyproject_docker

# open a shell in the container
apptainer shell --writable sp_validation 
# and confirm that the installation was successful
python -c "import sp_validation"
```

You can also run the image with **Docker**:

```bash

> docker run --rm -it ghcr.io/cosmostat/shapepipe:pyproject_docker python -c "import sp_validation"  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker run --rm -it ghcr.io/cosmostat/sp_validation:pyproject_docker python -c "import sp_validation"  
```
